Task: You are a Saccharomyces cerevisiae systems biology researcher designing batch experiments in a 96-well format. You will be given up to five statements. Your goal is to select one statement based on safety, feasibility, probability of being correct, logical implications, and novelty. Design an experiment to either support or refute the selected statement, note that the provided statement refers to an association rather than a causal connection. Explain in detail why you selected a specific statement.

Key Constraints: 
Use only a reference or wild-type strain. Avoid drawing conclusions based on specific genotypes. Minimize confounders and verify all assumptions within the experimental plan. Each variable combination must have its own experiment with appropriate controls.
The allowed experimental methods include mass-spectrometry based metabolomics. These can be sampled at experiment termination with standardized protocols. You can assume that OD600 is continuously measured.
Media configurations and supplementations can be used to modulate intracellular levels, but the effect of these must be verified within the experimental plan. Minimize pleiotropy by modulating concentrations in a physiologically reasonable way using known Saccharomyces cerevisiae physiology, such as through inhibition or supplementation. For any supplementations or treatments used, specify up to three levels each to evaluate treatment-response relationships. All doses or conditions must be specified and should be physiologically relevant, and avoid pleiotropy. Make sure to consider the independent effect of the supplementation.
The baseline conditions will be minimal media without amino acids unless specified otherwise. You can assume shaking is standardized. Cultures will be inoculated at 0.05 OD600. Any supplementation, treatment, or perturbation should happen at inoculation (t=0h).
Experimental Design Instructions: The experimental plan must be detailed, including all steps, supplementations, concentrations, temperatures. You can assume experiment sampling and termination at t = 12h, unless explicitly specified. The plan should also include experiments to test assumptions made in the hypothesis or setup.

Organize your response under the following sections: Selected Statement, Motivation, Hypothesis, Experimental Plan, Expected Outcomes.
If an observable outcome is not possible, reformulate the hypothesis accordingly. Supplementations may independently affect the observable even in the absence of treatment. This must be accounted for in the experiment and expected outcomes. Formally declare the expected outcomes and include all tests and assumptions.